Is there an Accent Paving in the scene?
Is there a Barrier Post in the scene?
Is there a Barrier Stump in the scene?
Is there a Bench in the scene?
Is there a Bicycle in the scene?
Is there a Brick in the scene?
Is there a Bridge in the scene?
Is there a Building in the scene?
Is there a Bus in the scene?
Is there a Bus Stop in the scene?
Is there a Car in the scene?
Is there a Chair in the scene?
Is there a Closed Sidewalk in the scene?
Is there a Cloudy in the scene?
Is there a Counter in the scene?
Is there a Crosswalk in the scene?
Is there a Curb in the scene?
Is it Day in the scene?
Is there a Dog in the scene?
Is there a Driveway(flat) in the scene?
Is there an Elevator in the scene?
Is there an Escalator in the scene?
Is there a Fence in the scene?
Is there a Fire hydrant in the scene?
Is there a Flush Door in the scene?
Is there a Foldout Sign in the scene?
Is there a Fountain in the scene?
Is there a Gate in the scene?
Is there a Guide dog in the scene?
Is there a Gutter in the scene?
Is there a Hose in the scene?
Is there a Jaywalker in the scene?
Is there a Lamp Post in the scene?
Is there a Mail box in the scene?
Is there a Maintenance Vehicle in the scene?
Is there a Motorcycle in the scene?
Is it a Night in the scene?
Is there an Obstacle on the sidewalk in the scene?
Is there an Obstacle on the street in the scene?
Is there a Parallel Parking Spot in the scene?
Is there a Paratransit vehicle in the scene?
Is there a Pedestrian Crossing in the scene?
Is there a Person in the scene?
Is there a Person with a disability in the scene?
Is there a Pillar in the scene?
Is there a Pole in the scene?
Is there a Puddle in the scene?
Is there a Push button in the scene?
Is there a Railing in the scene?
Is it Raining in the scene?
Is there a Raised Entryway in the scene?
Is there a Retaining Wall in the scene?
Is there a Road in the scene?
Is there a Road Divider in the scene?
Is there a Road Shoulder in the scene?
Is there a Roadside Parking in the scene?
Is there a Sidewalk in the scene?
Is there a Sidewalk pits in the scene?
Is there a Sign in the scene?
Is there a Sign Post in the scene?
Is there a Sloped Driveway in the scene?
Is there a Slopped Curb in the scene?
Is there a Snow in the scene?
Is there a Stairs in the scene?
Is there a Stone Block in the scene?
Is there a Stop sign in the scene?
Is there a Street Vendor in the scene?
Is it Sunny in the scene?
Is there a Table in the scene?
Is there a Tactile Paving in the scene?
Is there a Traffic Signals in the scene?
Is there a Train Platform in the scene?
Is there a Train Tracks in the scene?
Is there Trash bins in the scene?
Is there a Trash on roads in the scene?
Is there a Tree in the scene?
Is there a Turnstile in the scene?
Is there an Uncontrolled Crossing in the scene?
Is there an Uneven Stairs in the scene?
Is there an Unpaved Road in the scene?
Is there an Unpaved Sidewalk in the scene?
Is there a Vegetation in the scene?
Is there a Wall in the scene?
Is there a Water leakage in the scene?
Is there a Water Pipes in the scene?
Is there a Wet surface in the scene?
Is there a Wheelchair in the scene?
Is there a White Cane in the scene?
Is there Yard Waste in the scene?
Is there a Zebra Crossing in the scene?
